DOCS: update example output argo rollout guide (#684)
kgateway-dev/kgateway.dev: assets/docs/pages/integrations/argo.md

         location: "https://github.com/argoproj-labs/rollouts-plugin-trafficrouter-gatewayapi/releases/download/v0.8.0/gatewayapi-plugin-amd64"
   EOF
   ```
  {{< callout type="info" >}}

>   This configuration is only an example. Ensure you use the correct plugin binary for your platform (arm64 or amd64). Replace the tab before the # see https://... comment line with spaces. Otherwise, the YAML may fail when applying it with kubectl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This configuration is only an example. Ensure you use the correct plugin binary for your platform, such as arm64 or amd64. Replace the tab before the `# see https://...` comment line with spaces. Otherwise, the YAML might fail when applying it with kubectl.
```
